build: tier 1 docs freshness (#18116)
docker/docs: content/build/ci/github-actions/test-before-push.md

          tags: ${{ env.LATEST_TAG }}
```

> **Note**
>
> The `linux/amd64` image is only built once in this workflow. The image is

> > built once, and the following steps uses the internal cache for from the

Reviewer: Small typos:: 
```suggestion
> built once, and the following steps use the internal cache from the
```

Reviewer: Not sure which one is the right word to use here, so here's the other option: 
```suggestion
> built once, and the following steps use the internal cache for the
```
